let us implement this function
Search sorted rotated array which will take a sort of
rotated array arr It's size and an integer and
its parameters and returns the array index If the element
n is found and minus one if it is not
found furthers let us re use the findPivot
function that we implemented in the last module
This function will return the index of pivot element
to the variable pivot
Next we have to check which of the two sub
arrays hold the pivot element first check Whether the
pivot element is in the first sub array between array
of zero and array of pivot minus one for this
used this if conditions if n greater than or equal
to array of zero and n less than equal to array
of pivot minus one
If this condition returns true then we have to do
binary search in the first sub array
So point start to the first index zero and
end to pivot minus one else
We have to search the second sub array so point
start to pivot and end took last index that
is size minus one at an additional condition at the
top checking whether the pivot is zero if it is the
entire array is sorted and not rotated
And hence we have to search the whole array
So point start to zero and end to size minus
one
Finally do a binary search passing the array start end
and the integer n it will return the array
index if n is present and minus one if it
is not present .